Important

- I had initially used external stylesheets for the CSS styles. But because of using Bootstrap, a lot of my styles were not getting
applied as they were being overwritten by the default bootstrap styles. In order to avoid internal styles, I used the !important
tag wherever required. But when trying to integrate the pages into the site, the !important tags were messing with all the pages on
the site, so we decided to go with internal styles itself.
- I have implemented responsiveness in the pages predominantly using bootstrap grid system, but in some places I have used media
query breakpoints for finer control. 


index.html

I have used bootstrap grid system here (and pretty much everywhere else) to implement the 3 tiles. I have almost completely used the 
existing UI from the Utkarshini events.php page. I have only reused all the classes defined in that page with a bit of modification
wherever required. The "Request for Consultation" and "Apply for Program" section buttons don't lead anywhere for now. To add links, 
just put it in the href attribute for the a tag inside the div with class "text-center".
The images have been taken from freepik.com which may lead to copyrights, so change the images if required. The sizes for the image
have been defined.


test-form.html

The test form page is fairly simple. I have again used the bootstrap grid system to implement responsiveness in this page. There are
2 Bootstrap columns used- the "about-test" div and the div that encloses the form area. The "about-test" div just consists of a header
and body. I have used media query breakpoints for small fixes in the mobile user scenario and center aligned the text there. 
The second div encloses the form section. I have not actually used a form tag because I had to perform a couple of checks before 
leading the user to the next page which the form's action attribute doesn't allow me to do. First we check if all the input fields
have been filled, and then we check if the checkbox has been checked. Only if the above 2 conditions have been fulfilled, then 
we go into the else statement. I have used the localStorage property which stores key value pairs in the web browser in order to
transfer data from one HTML page to another. I have stored all the inputted data in a Javascript object called data. I then use 
location.href in order to take the user to the test page.



